docs: Added documentation for creating a local developer environment. (#225)
Azure/karpenter-provider-azure: CONTRIBUTING.md

kubectl scale deployments/inflate --replicas=3
```

### Use local environment instead of GitHub Codespaces. 

> > Tested environment : WSL2

Reviewer: Should specify distribution, especially since package management is distribution-specific

> 1. **Install tools** : run `make install-tools`. It is going to install tools(make,jq,yq,helm,docker,kubectl,go,skaffold,az-cli) in your local environment.

Reviewer: `make toolchain` needs to be run at some point?

kubectl scale deployments/inflate --replicas=3
```

### Use local environment instead of GitHub Codespaces. 
> Tested environment : WSL2

1. **Install tools**
   * make
   * kubectl
   * [helm](https://github.com/helm/helm/releases)
   * [golang](https://go.dev/dl/) > 1.21
   * [yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq/releases) / [jq](https://github.com/jqlang/jq/releases)
   * [skaffold](https://skaffold.dev/docs/install/#standalone-binary)

>    * [azure-cli](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)

Reviewer 2: Can we get a simple bash script to install all of these and all on the same version so all developers are on one set of versions? Preferably pinned to one shared version.

Author: I added example commands based on what i tested.
I'm not sure if this is what you intended.

> 2. **Provision cluster, build and deploy Karpenter** : Set `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID` to your subscription (and customize region in `Makefile-az.mk` if desired). Then run `make az-all`. This logs into Azure (follow the prompts), provisions AKS and ACR (using resource group and cluster name `$COMMON_NAME`, ACR it will not allow dashes), builds and deploys Karpenter, deploys sample `default` Provisioner and `inflate` Deployment workload.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Provision cluster, build and deploy Karpenter** : Set `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID` to your subscription (and customize region in `Makefile-az.mk` if desired). Then run `make az-all`. This logs into Azure (follow the prompts), provisions AKS and ACR (using resource group and cluster name `$COMMON_NAME`, ACR it will not allow dashes), builds and deploys Karpenter, deploys sample `general-purpose` nodepool and `inflate` deployment workload.
```

Author: I changed it as per your suggestion.

```
az config set core.output=json
export AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID=xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx

> export COMMON_NAME=karpenter2test

Reviewer 2: some notes on teh semantics that are accepted by common name are important. For ACR it will not allow dashes etc. Maybe mentioning this might be useful?

Author: Thanks for your kindly advice.
I made a change. i think your example is good, so i added it

```

3. Manually scale the `inflate` Deployment workload, watch Karpenter controller log and Nodes in the cluster. Example of manually scaling up to 3 pods:
```

> kubectl scale deployments/inflate --replicas=3

Reviewer 2: @tallaxes  thoughts on just having the inflate deployment be deployed with 3 replicas from the start in the inflate.yaml so that make `az-run-sample` will trigger scale up?

Reviewer 3: I think it makes more sense to have the scale up be a follow up command folks can run and observe imo, rather that lumped into the larger make command.

     ```
   * [helm](https://github.com/helm/helm/releases)
     ```bash
     curl -L https://get.helm.sh/helm-v3.14.3-linux-amd64.tar.gz | sudo tar xvfz - linux-amd64/helm && sudo mv linux-amd64/helm /usr/local/bin/helm && rm -rf linux-amd64
     ```
   * [golang](https://go.dev/dl/) > 1.21
     ```bash
     curl -L https://go.dev/dl/go1.22.1.linux-amd64.tar.gz | sudo tar xvzf - -C /usr/local/ && PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin
     ```
   * [yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq/releases) / [jq](https://github.com/jqlang/jq/releases)
     ```bash
     sudo apt update && sudo apt install jq -y
     curl -Lo yq https://github.com/mikefarah/yq/releases/download/v4.43.1/yq_linux_amd64 && chmod +x yq && sudo mv yq /usr/local/bin
     ```
   * [skaffold](https://skaffold.dev/docs/install/#standalone-binary)
     ```bash
     curl -Lo skaffold https://storage.googleapis.com/skaffold/releases/v2.10.1/skaffold-linux-amd64 && chmod +x skaffold && sudo mv skaffold /usr/local/bin
     ```
   * [azure-cli](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli)
     ```bash

>      curl -sL https://aka.ms/InstallAzureCLIDeb | sudo bash

Reviewer 2: instead of this, I would prefer a makefile command to go alongside make toolchain that installs all the required binaries

Author: I added the install-tools parameter at the Makefile-az.mk.
Additionally, the introduction to tools that need to be installed has been removed.
